Project version will not present commit hash on a fixed version (#224)
cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client: CHANGELOG.md

  [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#206](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/issues/206)
- Improve the error message raised when the username doesn't include the `host/` prefix
  [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#212](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/pull/212)

> - Doesn't include git commit hash in printed version for fixed versions

Reviewer: Don't...

Reviewer 2: For fixed versions, no longer prints the git commit hash in the version.

> - The project's version will not present the git commit hash on a fixed versions

Reviewer: @shulifink can you assist please?

> - The project's version will not present the git commit hash on a fixed versions

Reviewer 2: I don;t get the format of the change log. Shouldn't it show what changed? it in past tense, or "No longer does this..." or "changed this to this", or "Now you can this and that", or "Fixed this so that blah blah"?

> - The project's version will not present the git commit hash on a fixed versions

Reviewer 2: So eg  here I would say something like:

Doesn't include git commit hash in printed version for fixed versions

What/who is not including the git command hash?

> - The project's version will not present the git commit hash on a fixed versions

Author: @shulifink @orenbm  thanks for the comments
@shulifink during the build process (while creating the product container) the script checks the commits to identify whether this is a fixed version and in that case it will not concatenate the git commit hash to its version.
changing the description to your suggestion

> - The project's version will not present the git commit hash on a fixed versions

Reviewer 2: I underdatnd. Thanks for the explanation and for pointing out to me that I can look in the original ticket to see what was changed. This helped me understand what I was reviewing :)

So another question: What is a  "fixed version" ? Is this "fixed" in terms of the version was not working and now it's been fixed, or is this "fixed" as in it is a "static" version?

> - The project's version will not present the git commit hash on a fixed versions

Author: @shulifink the later... it refers to a release version

> - The git commit hash is no longer included in the version number of a fixed version.

Reviewer 3: Can this be more specific about the impact to the end user of this change? The Docker / RH images before only had the tag version - is what's changing the `version` label in the RH image, or something else? If this doesn't impact the end users, we don't need an entry here.

Author: as mentioned above, the affect on the end user is only in the log message - 
Before this PR it represent the commit's hash all the times - 
 CAKC048 Kubernetes Authenticator Client **v0.18.1-e58708b** starting up...

This PR changes it, in case of a fixed version it will be - 
 CAKC048 Kubernetes Authenticator Client **v0.18.1** starting up...

And in case of a non-fixed version it will be as before 
 CAKC048 Kubernetes Authenticator Client **v0.18.1-e58708b** starting up...

so i think that description is correct, agree?

Reviewer 3: it's not clear to me - I might revise it to something like
```suggestion
- The `CAKC048` log message now shows the release version for release builds
   and no longer includes the git commit hash in the log output.
```

Author: fixed

>   [cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client#196](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client/pull/196)

Reviewer: can we link to the issue and not the PR?

Author: it was a mistake.. fixed
